good evening everyone I'm James McCarthy
thanks big with a samurai - aw woman in
Northwest Spokane is recovering after
literally a wrestling match with a pit
bull that attacked and eventually killed
her little dog she says she even bit the
pit bull herself to try and get that dog
let go
surveillance video captured that whole
dramatic event and KREM 2's othello
richards is live now with that a fellow
the victim was on her routine morning
walk here along I Street with her
neighbor and two dogs that's when
something not so routine happened the
dog just come running out of the alley
and straight towards us and my little
Yorkie growled at him and then he saw
the dog keep coming and he went behind
my legs and I couldn't grab the dog this
is a photo of Lorinda Snow's four year
old Yorkie Beethoven snow says she was
walking this morning with a neighbor
when out of an alley a pitbull charged
at him the pitbull grabbed Beethoven in
his mouth surveillance video captured
the attack there are some scenes even
too graphic for us to show I was beating
the dog and Yellin no no no my neighbor
was yelling help I went down on top of
the dog and started wrestling the dog
and I tried to put my hand in his mouth
and pry his mouth open and his jaws were
locked snows neighbor grabbed hold of
snows other dog at the same time she hit
the pitbull repeatedly to try to get it
to let go of Beethoven it flashed
through my mind did bite his ear and I
got his ear in my mouth and bit down as
hard as I could I don't know where that
came from I read it somewhere and I
thought well maybe it would work only
after another neighbor ran to help did
the pitbull take off but it still had
hold of snows dog eventually it dropped
him in a yard it just was hard to lose
him
snow went to an urgent care clinic to be
treated for a dog bite to a finger but
refuse hurts more emotionally it makes
me angry that people have these kind of
dogs and they don't take care of them to
make sure they don't get out we're told
it took the pitbulls owner to catch it
the owner
two spoke animal now the owner has
several options because of this attack
had the pitbull euthanized appeal the
case or take out a dangerous dog
insurance and other protective measures
for the pitbull we put a live in
Northwest Spokane Othello Richard scrim
2 News